Add AzureOIDC provider (#308)
oauth2-proxy/oauth2-proxy: docs/2_auth.md

Note: When using the Azure Auth provider with nginx and the cookie session store you may find the cookie is too large and doesn't get passed through correctly. Increasing the proxy_buffer_size in nginx or implementing the [redis session storage](configuration#redis-storage) should resolve this.

### Azure OIDC Auth Provider

This is basically same as OIDC provider, but includes group support for restricting access to upstream services.

> To use this successfully please use v2 api enadpoint (https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenant_id}/v2.0).

Reviewer: I think we should specify which option this needs to be

Note: When using the Azure Auth provider with nginx and the cookie session store you may find the cookie is too large and doesn't get passed through correctly. Increasing the proxy_buffer_size in nginx or implementing the [redis session storage](configuration#redis-storage) should resolve this.

### Azure OIDC Auth Provider

> 1. Go to [https://portal.azure.com](https://portal.azure.com), and create new "App Registration".

Reviewer: All of the entries in this list are numbered `1`, can we number them as a list please

1. Go to **"Authentication"** page and configure addresses for your applications: `https://internal.yourcompany.com/oauth2/callback`

> 1. Go to **"Manifest"** page and enable group support in ID tokens by adding groupMembershipClaims entry 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **"Manifest"** page and enable group support in ID tokens by adding `groupMembershipClaims` entry 
```

    ```json
    {
      "groupMembershipClaims": "SecurityGroup",
      ...
    }
    ```

> 1. Go to **"Certificates & secrets"** settings, create new secret and store it in safely. After you close page you won't be able to read it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **"Certificates & secrets"** settings, create a new secret and store it safely. After you close the page, you won't be able to read it again.
```

1. Go to **"Overview"** page to check tenant ID and client ID of "App Registration"
1. Start oauth2-proxy with given settings
    ```
    --azure-permitted-groups=<comma separated list of group object ids>
    --oidc-issuer-url=https://login.microsoftonline.com/<tenant_id>/v2.0
    --provider=azure-oidc
   ```

NOTE: This provider doesn't support Azure Active Directory (v1.0) endpoints.

> NOTE: If `--azure-permitted-groups` is not specified, all logged users are authorized

Reviewer: It's not immediately obvious to me what this means, does that mean any user of the tennant or any user of Azure? Could we clarify this one a bit better please

> NOTE: If users are members of large number of groups ID token will grow in size and so will the cookie that stores it. In such case consider using redis session store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If a user is a member of a large number of groups, the ID token may become larger and be unable to be stored within a single cookie. It is recommended to use Redis for session storage with Azure.
```
